add Amount to Current; editorial ref (#22)
mozilla/explainers: README.md

## How to add an Explainer
1. write up a minimum viable (or more) explainer
2. get reviews and approvals from your senior standards person (ask [@tantek](https://github.com/tantek) for who) and the CTO office (ask [@martinthomson](https://github.com/martinthomson) for who)

> 3. convert your draft explainer to markdown, submit a PR to add the file to this repo and link to it from Current Explainers section above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. convert your draft explainer to markdown
4. submit a pull request that adds the file to this repository and links to it from the [Current Explainers](#current-explainers) section above
```

Author: ah I meant simplify steps in the list, not shorten the list. thanks for the suggestions.
